README.md, before:

# Femboy Bot
A funky discord bot with a couple commands mostly focused around femboys.

To make the /send_image command work you should make and images folder and put folders with numbers from 1 to however many you want as the title of them in there. The bot chooses a random folder, and then sends a random image from in there. I did this to catogerize the images/videos but you can just make a folder called 1 and put everything in there.

The /send_boys folder needs a folder called bimages with a folder called boys and then the boy images in there. why i did it like this i dont know

also create a scores folder though it might make it for you.

It has 12 commands

## /send_image
This sends an image that i have

## /send_femboy {feed}
This sends a picture of a femboy from reddit. {feed} is the type of feed you want the image from (new, hot, top or rising)

## /send_reddit {subreddit} {feed}
Sends an image from a subreddit. {feed} is the type of feed you want the image from (new, hot, top or rising)

## /guess_femboy
starts the femboy guessing game. It's a game where you get sent a picture of either a woman or a femboy and you have to guess which one it is.

## /guessing_points (member)
Shows the amount of points you have in the femboy guessing game or shows the amount fo points someone else has.

## /leaderboard
Shows a leaderboard for the Femboy guessing game

## /send_boys
Sends an image of cute boys, it works like the /send_images command but my friend wanted a command for specifically boys

## /word_leaderboard {word}
A leaderboard for who uses a specific word the most.

## /top_words
A leaderboard of the most used words in the channel, its usually I or the

## /send_astolfo
sends a picture of astolfo from the astolof.rocks api. thank god germans exist for this

## /random_word
sends a random word sentence and paragraph, usually makes no sense

## /help
This sends a message that describes each command. Kind of like this read me but shorter and less detailed.

Commit message:

big update
added alot of stuff
changed the word leaderboard commands to save all the messages to a file first and then save any additional messages whenever the command runs. this changed searching through 30k messages from 6 minutes to 0.8 seconds (+downloading new messages)
added a blacklist feature so some people cannot use the bot at all
added more error handling
added the phrase and word count leaderboard
vc stuff can now work in multiple servers at the same time
updated readme and help.txt

README.md, after:

# Femboy Bot
A funky discord bot with a couple commands mostly focused around femboys.

To make the /send_image command work you should make and images folder and put folders with numbers from 1 to however many you want as the title of them in there. The bot chooses a random folder, and then sends a random image from in there. I did this to catogerize the images/videos but you can just make a folder called 1 and put everything in there.

The /send_boys folder needs a folder called bimages with a folder called boys and then the boy images in there. why i did it like this i dont know

also create a scores folder though it might make it for you.

It has 12 commands

## /send_image
This sends an image that i have

## /send_femboy {feed}
This sends a picture of a femboy from reddit. {feed} is the type of feed you want the image from (new, hot, top or rising)

## /send_reddit {subreddit} {feed}
Sends an image from a subreddit. {feed} is the type of feed you want the image from (new, hot, top or rising)

## /guess_femboy
starts the femboy guessing game. It's a game where you get sent a picture of either a woman or a femboy and you have to guess which one it is.

## /guessing_points (member)
Shows the amount of points you have in the femboy guessing game or shows the amount fo points someone else has.

## /leaderboard
Shows a leaderboard for the Femboy guessing game

## /send_boys
Sends an image of cute boys, it works like the /send_images command but my friend wanted a command for specifically boys

## /word_leaderboard {word}
A leaderboard for who uses a specific word the most.

## /word_leaderboard {word}
A leaderboard for who uses a specific word the most.

## /phrase_leaderboard {phrase}
A leaderboard for who uses a specific phrase the most.

## /word_count_leaderboard
A leaderboard for who has the most sent words.

## /top_words
A leaderboard of the most used words in the channel, its usually I or the

## /send_astolfo
sends a picture of astolfo from the astolof.rocks api. thank god germans exist for this

## /join_voice
Joins the voice channel you are currently in.

## /play {link}
Plays audio from a youtube link

## /stop
Stops playing audio

## /leave_voice
Leaves the voice channel

## /help
This sends a message that describes each command. Kind of like this read me but shorter and less detailed.
